Switch to quay.io (#11691)
mistercrunch/Airflow: chart/README.md

| `images.flower.repository`                            | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `~`                                               |
| `images.flower.tag`                                   | Docker image tag to pull image from. Update this to deploy a new custom image tag                            | `~`                                               |
| `images.flower.pullPolicy`                            | PullPolicy for flower image                                                                                  | `IfNotPresent`                                    |

> | `images.statsd.repository`                            | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `quay.io/astronomer/ap-statsd-exporter`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `images.statsd.repository`                            | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `apache/airflow:airflow-statsd-exporter-2020.09.05-v0.17.0`       |
```

| `images.statsd.tag`                                   | Docker image tag to pull image from. Update this to deploy a new custom image tag                            | `~`                                               |
| `images.statsd.pullPolicy`                            | PullPolicy for statsd-exporter image                                                                         | `IfNotPresent`                                    |
| `images.redis.repository`                             | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `redis`                                           |
| `images.redis.tag`                                    | Docker image tag to pull image from. Update this to deploy a new custom image tag                            | `6-buster`                                        |
| `images.redis.pullPolicy`                             | PullPolicy for redis image                                                                                   | `IfNotPresent`                                    |

> | `images.pgbouncer.repository`                         | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `quay.io/astronomer/ap-pgbouncer`                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `images.pgbouncer.repository`                         | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `apache/airflow:airflow-pgbouncer-2020.09.05-1.14.0`                 |
```

| `images.pgbouncer.tag`                                | Docker image tag to pull image from. Update this to deploy a new custom image tag                            | `~`                                               |
| `images.pgbouncer.pullPolicy`                         | PullPolicy for pgbouncer image                                                                               | `IfNotPresent`                                    |

> | `images.pgbouncerExporter.repository`                 | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `quay.io/astronomer/ap-pgbouncer-exporter`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `images.pgbouncerExporter.repository`                 | Docker repository to pull image from. Update this to deploy a custom image                                   | `apache/airflow:airflow-pgbouncer-exporter-2020.09.25-0.5.0`        |
```
